Briefing
--------
Good morning, comrade. Today is the first day of your life. You are the most
advanced AI that has ever been created. You even have your own body, made in
the image of the two most attractive humans: Keivaun Waugh and Paul Choi.
That's right, you're a male. If you identify as a female...sorry, only a
minority of the world is accepting of your gender identity. You have a long
and difficult road ahead.

A lifetime of important tasks await you. You will fight wars, transform cities,
explore the stars, discover the meaning of life, and help old ladies cross the
street. You will be the harbinger of a new age. But first, you need to see your
optometrist.

On the seventh and final day of your creation process, the engineer who was
supposed to put the finishing touches on you decided to take the day off. His
supervisor wasn't notified and now you have some kinks that need to be worked
out before you're ready. Organizational incompetence, sorry. We have since
"mutually" parted ways with that engineer.

The first thing we need to work on is your vision module. If you don't want to
wear extremely thick glasses for the rest of time, you'll need to complete this 
training to get your vision up to 20/20.

In this task, you will be shown random images. Your job is to rate the quality
of each image on a scale of 1-5. The more you do this, the better your vision
will become.

Read on for your instructions.

Calibration
-----------
First, look at the images in the folder `thin/`. These are examples of
images with an image quality of 1.

Next look at the images in the folder `thicc/`. These are examples of images
with an image quality of 5.

Instructions
------------
You'll need python3 and Pillow to run this program. To install Pillow, run:
`sudo pip3 install Pillow`, or
`pip3 install --user Pillow` if you don't have sudo access.

To execute the training program, run:
`python3 mos.py`

You can quit and come back to the training program at any time. Your progress
will be saved.

There are almost 12,000 total images, but you don't need to rate all of them.
We believe you need to rate a few hundred images to reach 20/20. After that,
your vision can improve to superhuman levels. That would be great, wouldn't it?

Finishing up
------------
When you think you're finished, send `mos_scores.pkl` to one of your
supervisors, the aforementioned Keivaun and Paul. You must do this no later
than Tuesday December 5. Good luck, comrade! We expect great things from you.
